Individuals
Business
About
Investor Relations
Ratethe page
Share your thoughts with us. Your feedback matters!
Download ABB mobile
ABB Career
Write your success story with ABB
© ABB 2026 - All rights reserved
•
Procurement
Tender Announcements
Learn about our procurement policies, supplier requirements, and partnership opportunities. We ensure transparency, efficiency, and sustainability in our sourcing processes.
Corporate
Transfers
Fast and secure money transfers
Carry out your domestic and international transfers with ease
Types of transfers
Money transfers
Secure your domestic and international transactions
Instant Payment System
Execute your payment transactions quickly and efficiently
Currency regulation
Foreign transfers may be carried out in the following cases:
For other purposes:
ABB BusinessInternet Bank
All transfers
Domestic and international transfers
DigiTransfer
DigiTransfer/Transfer via IBAN
With the ABB mobile app, online money transfers are carried out securely, quickly, and conveniently
Send money in just 5 steps with DigiTransfer
Register
Register in ABB mobile.
Go to the Transfers section
In the app, go to the “Transfers” section and select “International transfers.”
Select DigiTransfer
From the International Transfers section, select the “DigiTransfer” service.
Enter the details
Enter the recipient’s account details correctly.
Complete the transfer
Enter the amount, select the card or account for the transfer, and complete the transaction.
Transfer rates with DigiTransfer
European countries
3 EUR
United States, United Kingdom, Turkey
3 USD
Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Colombia, Guatemala, Hong Kong, India, Israel, Mexico, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, South Korea, Thailand, UAE, Vietnam, Pakistan, Indonesia
6 USD
Japan
7 USD
As part of the ongoing promotion, the first transfer with DigiTransfer is commission-free.
International Money Transfer – DigiTransfer Service
With ABB Mobile, you can make international money transfers conveniently, quickly, and securely. The DigiTransfer service allows you to send funds to 46 countries instantly or within a short time. With the 0% commission promotion on your first transfer, users can send money abroad free of charge.All international transfers made via the mobile app can be tracked in real time, and the status of each transaction can be checked directly in the app. This allows you to monitor your funds at every stage of the transfer.
How can I easily send money abroad?
You can conveniently send money abroad using the mobile app. With the DigiTransfer service via ABB Mobile, it is possible to make international transfers using an IBAN. To do this:
Open the “Transfers” section in the mobile app;
Select the “International Transfers” service;
Enter the recipient’s IBAN and bank details;
Confirm the amount and complete the transaction.
This method allows you to send money abroad quickly, securely, and free of charge under some campaigns. You can also track the status of the transfer in real time.
Transfer money abroad using an IBAN
Making an international transfer via IBAN through ABB Mobile is very convenient. You can send funds directly to the recipient’s account by entering their bank account details.
This method allows users to:
Make cost-effective transfers using an IBAN,
Enjoy commission-free IBAN transfers during promotional campaigns,
And, in certain cases, send transfers completely free of charge.
As a result, international money transfers become both more accessible and more affordable.
Which countries can I send money to?
With the DigiTransfer service, it is possible to send money to Turkey, the United States, Italy, Belgium, Lithuania, Germany, the United Kingdom, and many other countries quickly, cost-effectively, and, when applicable, commission-free under promotional conditions. This allows users to transfer money abroad for free or with minimal fees to various destinations.
ABB mobile
An innovative and secure banking mobile app with a 4.9 rating!
Scan QR code to download ABB mobile
Small and medium business
Business loans
ABB offers short and long-term business loans to its clients for building their projects
FAQ
What is a business loan?
What documents are required to apply for a business loan?
For what purposes can business loans be used?
What are the interest rates for small and medium business loans?
Is a guarantor or collateral required for small and medium business loans?
How can I apply for a business loan?
Awards
Driving positive change through Corporate Social Responsibility & Sponsorship
“Best Digital Bank of the Year”
"Euromoney Magazine" 2025
“The Local Bank of the Year”
“Global Finance” 2025
“Top Employer”
“Top Employers Institute” 2025
"Bank of the Year"
"The Banker" magazine
Tam Visa
Meet the new digital Tam Visa card!
Make transactions and win real gifts
ABB AI Voice Assistant
Is now at your service!
Cash loan
Cash loan from 10.9%
Get a cash loan of up to 50,000 AZN without visiting the branch, from wherever you are!
Business loan
Loan opportunity with TIN
Get a fully online loan of up to 100,000 AZN, exclusive for individual entrepreneurs!
For ages 7-17
Alpha Card
Now both digital and physical!
Business Loan
Entrepreneur Loan
Get the "Sahibkar" loan of up to 500,000 AZN within 1 business day.
Account
Daily earnings with DigiHesab Max!
Earn an annual return of 6% on the remaining balance in your account with DigiHesab Max.
DigiDeposit
With ABB's DigiDeposit, you can create a savings account online from anywhere
ABB Biz
Download our mobile app for small businesses
Fast and affordable loans to meet your financial needs
Carry out your daily banking operations simply and quickly
Quick links
Mortgage
Debit Cards
Credit Cards
Cashback
Branches and ATMs
Investment
Tam DigiCard
Full digital, Full real!
Free
Up to 10%
*6% annual return
*Calculated on the balance on the debit part of the card registered in ABB mobile and transferred to the card account at the end of the month
Find outyour credit limit
Get a loan up to 50 000 ₼ online!
By clicking the "Continue" button, I consent to the sharing of my information with Bank ABB through theAzerbaijan Credit BureauandASAN Finance.
Shape the Future withABB!
Campaigns
Two holidays come together, and the miles double
Earn more miles from your everyday purchases!
Take advantage of the cashback holiday campaign right now!
Complete your goals and earn up to 5% cashback!
Special campaign for ABB-AZAL Miles cardholders
ABB-AZAL Miles co-branded cardholders can enjoy an exclusive offer.
Double miles campaign for March 8
Earn 2x miles on payments made with your ABB-AZAL Miles card in selected categories.
Exchange rates
Currency
Buy
Sell
1.6970
1.7020
1.9198
1.9884
1.8100
2.4400
Сurrency converter
Our services
ATMs and Branches
Online appointment
Call Center 24/7
Order account statement
Loan payment
Donate
All services
Relevant now
Subscription to ABB Bank Bonds Successfully Completed!
19.03.2026
ABB eSIM Service Launched!
Repair Loan up to 200 000 AZN from ABB Bank
13.03.2026
The 2nd Women Leaders Summit held with the support of Bank ABB
12.03.2026
Fayda Max Subscription program by Bank ABB
Caring for your finances
Manage your money
Protect your future with our reliable security solutions
Plan for the future
Get personalized financial support whenever you need it
Secure your finances
Financial fraud is a common issue today. Follow these tips to protect your money
Randevu
24/7 Call center
Order statement
Repay your loan
Top-up card balance
Transfer money
Cash by code
Card PIN change
Insurance
You can easily make donations to charitable foundations through the ABB mobile app.
Donation funds
Karabakh Revival Fund
The purpose of the Fund is to provide financial support and attract investments towards the restoration and reconstruction of the liberated territories of the Republic of Azerbaijan, transforming these areas into regions with a sustainable economy and high prosperity. The Fund’s objectives also include promoting the development of public-private partnerships in this field, as well as executing necessary promotional campaigns both domestically and internationally.The Fund is financed through donations from individuals and legal entities, grants, and other sources not prohibited by law. As an individual or legal entity, you can make donations to the foundation through our branches using bank details, via the ABB mobile application, or online through this webpage.
Azerbaijan Army Relief Fund
Azerbaijani Army Relief Fund was established by the Decree of the President of Azerbaijan on December 8, 2020. As a legal entity or individual, you can make voluntary transfers to the Fund through our branches and departments using the provided details in support of our army. The transferred funds will be used to strengthen the material and technical base of the Azerbaijani Army and enhance the social protection of our military personnel.
“YAŞAT” Fund
The Fund for support for the families of the injured and martyrs (the "YAŞAT" Fund) in defense of the territorial integrity of the Republic of Azerbaijan was established by the Decree of the President of the Republic of Azerbaijan on December 8, 2020. The purpose of the Fund is to create an appropriate platform for the implementation of civil society initiatives to provide additional support to state-led measures in the field of social protection for the families of martyrs and individuals who have been disabled as a result of military operations. Ensuring transparency, accountability, and public oversight in this area is also among the Fund’s objectives.As a legal entity or individual, you can make voluntary transfers online via the "YAŞAT" Foundation's website.
Documentary transactions
Project financing
Finance your business dreams
Project financing covers the long-term funding of infrastructure, industrial, commercial, construction projects, and public services
Services offered withintrade and project financing:
Bank financing
Financing provided using ABB’s own funds based on client applications
International financing
Trade and project financing provided through funds from foreign financial institutions
Financing with ECA support
Financing and insurance of projects with the support of Export Credit Agencies (ECAs)
Financial advisory
Provision of advisory services on trade and project financing
All loans
Advance credit
Advance Loan up to 1,000 AZN
Advance credit line is a financial solution offered to individuals receiving a salary or pension, allowing them to cover urgent expenses without waiting for their paycheck.
Advantages of the advance credit
Get the funds immediately
Quickly cover urgent expenses without waiting for your next salary or pension
Grace period with no interest
You will repay the loan without additional interest charges
Convenient and simple application
It is directly obtained through the ABB mobile app, which simplifies the process
Get a advance credit in 3 steps in ABB Mobile
Order a cash loan online
You can complete your loan application online quickly and easily.
Fast approval
Your application is immediately recorded
Get the loan amount
Transfer to a Bank ABB card, free courier delivery within Baku and Absheron, or you can pick it up from any Bank ABB branch
Find your new home with ABB Home
Own the home of your dreams with Bank ABB’s affordable and reliable mortgage loans.
Advantages of our mortgage loans
Wide selection
Enjoy the opportunity to purchase apartments, private houses, and land plots in both new and old buildings with various types of mortgage loans.
Online application
Complete the mortgage process easily and online through the ABB Home platform.
TamKart Platinum gift
Customers who take an internal or state mortgage from Bank ABB receive a TamKart Platinum debit card free of charge. Enjoy additional benefits when shopping with the card.
Mortgage products
For apartments, private residences, and country houses
An internal mortgage loan offered for the purchase of apartments, country houses, and yard houses in new and old buildings for individuals with official income.
Through partner construction companies
An internal mortgage loan for the purchase of apartments and private houses without ownership certificates, owned by the Bank’s partner construction companies.
MIDA affordable mortgage loan
An affordable mortgage loan provided for the purchase of apartments owned by MIDA LLC and its partner investors.
State Mortgage
A mortgage loan provided from the funds of the Mortgage and Credit Guarantee Fund of the Republic of Azerbaijan (ARİKZF).
Renovation loan
A cash loan offered to individuals with official income, secured by real estate that has a title deed.
Secured consumer loan
A cash loan provided to finance renovation works in homes and apartments, secured by real estate.
Land mortgage loan
A mortgage loan intended for the purchase of land plots with title deeds designated for residential use.
Home construction mortgage loan
A mortgage loan provided for the construction of a private house on a land plot with a title deed and residential designation.
Partner construction companies
All cards
Tam DigiCard Full digital, full real!
Take benefits of real advantages with this card
Faydalı cashback
Up to 20%
Annual
7% income
Annual service fee
5.0 ₼
Select the right card option for you
Classic debit cards
Secure and convenient for daily in-person payments
Digital debit cards
Credit cards
Offering flexibility and convenience by combining credit and debit card functions.
Miles cards
Premium cards
Bank guarantee
Bank Guarantee
It is a written guarantee in which the bank undertakes to make a payment to the Beneficiary in case the Principal fails to fulfill their contractual obligations.
ABB offers you the following services forguarantees
Issuance and notification of guarantees
Issuance, confirmation, and advising of guarantees
Approval by correspondent banks
Approving guarantees through first-class correspondent banks.
Multi-currency transactions and risk management
Taking into account the risks, the possibility of isolating funds in one currency and issuing the guarantee in another currency
SWIFT and third-party confirmations
Transmission of guarantee information via SWIFT and confirmation of guarantees received from other banks
News
For clients who need large sums for repair works, ABB Bank offers favorable conditions. Now, a repair loan of up to 200,000 AZN is available at ABB Bank with attractive terms, a long repayment period, and the ability to apply entirely online. This unique opportunity is available not only for apartment repairs but also for private houses, cottages, and other properties requiring a particularly large budget.
Loan Conditions:
Maximum Amount:Up to 200,000 AZN
Annual Interest Rate:From 14%
Term:Up to 59 months
Any Azerbaijani citizen with an official income can take advantage of this opportunity. The loan can be applied for through theABB Homeplatform, the ABB mobile application, the Bank'sofficial website, or at any ABB Bank branch.
Detailed information about the modern, useful, and universal products and services of Bank ABB can be obtained at the Bank’s branches and offices, on theofficial website,through the Information Center at 937, or via the Bank’s official social media pages.
Credit
We have got offers to help take your business further!
ABB Biz: Business Mobile Bank
Manage your business from your phone!
POS services
Accept NFC payments on Android
Bizkart Mastercard
The smart card solution for your business needs
E-mühasibim
Digital solutions for tax and rent payments
Other services
Business card
Payments with QR
Mobile POS
Supply chain
Contact Us
Up to 100,000 AZN
Apply online with your TIN and get a loan in minutes to grow your business.
100,000 ₼
Up to 48 months
0%
Details about “E-mühasibim”
Formation and payment of simplified tax declarations
Formate and payment quarterly tax declarations
Payment and reporting of rental expenses
Secure and convenient for everyday in-person transactions
Complete control of obligations via the personal account
Single declaration payments
For individual entrepreneurs without employees, payments are made automatically on a single declaration.
Your relationship manager
You have a relationship manager for your personal business
We are always by your side with solutions tailored to you! Flexible and personalized approach is just a touch away.
ABB Biz mobile app is at your service to make small entrepreneurs’ work easier!
Scan the QR code and download the app.
Entrepreneurs loan
Entrepreneurs loan/line of credit
Easily obtain an entrepreneur loan that suits your needs within 1 business day. No detailed financial analysis or collateral is required. APRC: min. 16.6% - max. 21%
Advantages
No guarantee required
Loan available without collateral or guarantee
Get your credit approved within 1 business day
Online
Get a loan online with minimal paperwork
Until May 31, 2026, you can receive a 10% discount on a flight ticket purchased with miles.
11.03.2026-31.05.2026
Starting from February 2, 2026, you will receive a 10% discount on your first flight ticket purchased with miles. The discount applies exclusively to ABB-AZAL Miles cardholders.Campaign terms:
The discount applies only to flight tickets purchased with miles;
The discount is valid for one one-way ticket to any destination purchased within the specified campaign dates;
If the cardholder has a Family Account in the AZAL Miles loyalty program and is the head of the account, they may purchase one discounted ticket either for themselves or for one member included in the Family Account;
A member of the AZAL Miles loyalty program may benefit from this privilege only once per account;
During other promotional campaigns conducted by AZAL, the respective campaign’s own terms and conditions will apply.
ABB-AZAL Miles cardholders may benefit from this campaign only once, provided they have not used this privilege before, regardless of whether they have purchased tickets under other AZAL campaigns. If eligible and unused, the benefit may also be applied after the campaign ends.How to use the benefit?
Log in to your AZAL Miles loyalty program account linked to your ABB-AZAL Miles card;
When searching for tickets via AZAL’s official online sales channels, select the “Pay with miles” option to view the discounted mileage values;
Complete all steps to finalize your purchase and obtain the ticket;
Taxes and fees are not included in tickets purchased under this campaign.
Order online
When obtaining a card from ABB, set your PIN code at the bank’s ATMs or through the official website. This service not only saves you time but also prevents situations where your PIN might be forgotten later.
Try to ensure that the new code you assign does not contain numbers that can be easily detected.
Charges and Fees
Collection
Secure trading with collection services!
Collection service offers a convenient payment method for export or import customers
Types of available services
Documents against payment
Documents submitted by the exporter to the importer after the payment is made by the last party
Documents against acceptance
In this case, the Importer accepts the unconditional legal obligation to pay according to the terms of the contract by endorsing the promissory note to obtain the documents
Unlike theletter of credit, it is used in cases where reliable relations are established between the contractual partners, and the solvency is not in doubt.
All deposits
Deposits
Place your funds in a deposit and enjoy a stable income in the format that suits you best - classic or digital. You choose the term and conditions, and the bank ensures the safety and transparency of your savings.
Deposit period
1 months – 3 years
Annually
up to 10%
Minimum amount
300
AZN, USD
Find the right deposit for you en
Digi Deposit
Create a fully digital deposit account.
Classic Deposit
Keep your funds with ABB and increase your income.
Deposit safe box
A secure, convenient, and affordable place to store your valuables.
Deposit-Backed Mortgage Loan
Make your down payment using your own deposit and buy your home.
Terms of deposit insurance
Learn more about terms of deposit insurance and compensation
ABB-dən kapital bazarlarını canlandıracaq daha bir addım!
Artıq Bankın ABB mobile tətbiqində ABB səhmlərinin təkrar bazarına da start verilib.
ABB ölkəmizdə kapital bazarlarının inkişafına təkan verəcək daha bir mühüm addım atıb. Artıq Bankın ABB mobile tətbiqindəABB səhmlərinin təkrar bazarına da start verilib. Belə ki, ABB səhmdarı olan istifadəçilər tətbiq vasitəsilə öz səhm portfellərini izləyə və eyni zamanda səhmlərin alqı-satqısı ilə məşğul ola bilərlər.
Qeyd edək ki, Azərbaycan Respublikası Prezidentinin dövlət müəssisələrinə özəl investisiyaların cəlb edilməsi ilə bağlı tədbirlər haqqında müvafiq Sərəncamına uyğun olaraq ilk dəfə ABB-nin səhmlərinin kütləvi emissiyası uğurla həyata keçirilib. Ölkəmizin kapital bazarlarının inkişafına xidmət edən bu proses tarixi nəticə ilə tamamlanıb. Yerləşdirmə nəticəsində ABB səhmdarlarının sayı 1794 nəfərdən 35 105 nəfərə qədər artıb. Səhmlərin yerləşdirilməsindən sonra Bankda özəl səhmdar payı 7,8%-ə yüksəlib. Qısa müddət ərzində Azərbaycanın kapital bazarlarına bu qədər sayda yeni iştirakçı qoşulub.
Səhmlərə abunə yazılışı zamanı ABB ilk dəfə innovativ üsullar tətbiq edərək sifarişlərin qəbulunu ABB mobile tətbiqi vasitəsilə həyata keçirib. Sifariş imkanlarının rahat və əlçatanlığı investorların prosesdə fəal iştirakında böyük rol oynayıb. ABB mobile tətbiqi vasitəsilə bu gündən etibarən səhmlərin təkrar bazarda alqı-satqısı imkanlarının yaradılması ölkəmizin kapital bazarlarında böyük canlanmaya səbəb olacaq.
ABB-nin müasir, faydalı və universal məhsul və xidmətləri barədə məlumatları Bankın filial və şöbələrindən,www.abb-bank.azinternet səhifəsindən, 937 nömrəli Məlumat Mərkəzindən, həmçinin rəsmi Facebook səhifəsindən əldə etmək olar.
Cards
Payment cards
Secure corporate and business cards to manage your expenses
All campaigns
Latest campaigns
ABB mobile – Secure, simple, fast
All your financial transactions in one app
All-in-one app!
Increase your income by investing in local and foreign markets
Payments
Make your payments quickly and securely
Fayda Max
Get additional cashback opportunities based on your turnover
Online loan
Formalize your loan order through the app, without going to the branch
Protect your future with reliable insurance solutions
Take advantage of fast and convenient transfer options
Get 2x EDV
Get 2x EDV in the Gold phase of Fayda Max
Create a savings account with just a few taps and earn income
DigiHesab
Earn interest on the remaining balance in your account
Earn cashback on your payments
Faydalı Cashback
With ABB mobile, you can earn cashback on payments made according to the cashback categories you select.
Cashback instantly in your balance
Cashbacks are instantly transferred to your Faydalı Cashback balance at the time of payment.
Transfer of funds
You can easily transfer the cashback you’ve accumulated to your card account.
Maximum benefits with Fayda Max
You can earn additional cashback by completing the Gold, Silver, and Bronze levels of Fayda Max.
Simple and fast banking app
ABB mobile allows you to perform your daily banking transactions safely and quickly, anytime and anywhere. Your financial needs are just a tap away!
App store
4.9
Google Play
4.8
We ensure the security of your data
The strongest security standards in the country
Safety is ensured at every step
Stronger password with Codevo
Unlike the 4-digit codes used in other banking apps, the 6-digit PIN significantly reduces the risk of being hacked and enhances security.
Secure login with SIMA İmza
It allows users to register in the app using verified digital identification and ensures a high level of security.
Real-time threat detection with IBM
When risks are detected, access to the mobile app is restricted to ensure security.
The first mobile application to receive ISO certification
ABB mobile is the first app in the country to set new standards in security and quality.
ABB mobile has been fully developed by our in-house team, giving us complete control over integration processes. Regular penetration tests are conducted by certified internal experts, and annual audits are carried out by a leading global cybersecurity company, ensuring the app’s high level of security.
Fully digital, fully real
Take advantage of ABB mobile's digital features
Order cash loan or credit card
Order a physical or digital debit card
Open a digital deposit or savings account
Mastercard Corporate Travel & Expense
Easily manage your business and travel expenses with the Mastercard Corporate Travel & Expense card
Profitable in every way
Online and cashless payments
Make online purchases and cashless payments anywhere in the world
Global accessibility
Covers your employees’ business expenses, including travel, accommodation, transportation, meals, and more
Business and travel expense management
Keep your expenses fully under control anytime, anywhere
Key benefits forcompany employees
Concierge service (24/7)
A support service provided to Mastercard cardholders.
Crisis24 Travel Risk Management
This platform monitors security risks in real time and provides users with immediate alerts.
Fast Track (4 times a year)
Enjoy free Fast Track access at international airports
LoungeKey (4 times a year)
Enjoy free access to over 1,800 business lounges in airports across 135 countries worldwide
Transfer service (4 times a year)
Enjoy free transfer service to and from Heydar Aliyev International Airport.
Booking.com
Complete your reservation by going to the booking page. Receive4% wallet creditapplied to your Booking.com account. Terms and conditions apply.
Travel insurance
Travel with greater peace of mind with coverage for flight delays and lost baggage.
Car rental with Hertz
Up to 10% discount on car rentals worldwide. Terms and conditions apply.
Priceless Experiences
Access to special offers and exclusive experiences in cities around the world.
Travel Rewards
Discounts at over 500 retail locations and online stores across 25 countries.
"Faydali" Club
"Faydali" Club - Get 20% back
Earn interest on the balance in your account with DigiHesab Max!
Accounts
Business account in different currencies
You can open an AZN, USD, EUR, etc. account fully online via ABB Business
Create a business account in different currencies
Azerbaijani manat
AZN
US dollar
USD
British pound
GBP
Russian ruble
RUB
Swiss franc
CHF
Canadian dollar
CAD
Japanese Yen
JPY
Tariffs, Documents and Resources
Documents and resources
Find the key corporate documents, policies, and guidelines. Access essential materials that support transparency, compliance, and informed decision-making.
Collection service offers a convenient payment method for export and import customers
Carry out your international and local money transfers quickly and easily
Find the right option for you
Quick and affordable international transfers with just a few taps on ABB mobile
Transfer points
46 countries
Commission fee
0% on first transfer
EUR/USD
UPT
Fast international money transfers in Turkish Lira, Euro, and US Dollars
45 countries
from 0,5%
TRY/EUR/USD
Western union
Western Union
Fast transfers worldwide in US dollars
500 000+ locations
Up to 3%
Granat
Urgent transfers in various currencies between ABB and Bank ABB Moscow
2 countries
0%-0,9%
RUB/AZN/EUR/USD
Money Express
Manat Express
Quick and cost-effective money transfers in manat
77+ locations
Up to 0,5%
Debit cards
Tam Visa card is free of charge as part of the Spring campaign. *At the moment, the Tam Visa card is available only in virtual format.
More spending, more rewards!
Make card transactions from AZN 200 to 1,000 and receive gifts from "Park Cinema", "Costa Coffee" and "Crunch Burger".
Earn up to 6% on your card balance
An annual return of 6% is calculated on the card balance and transferred to the card account at the end of the month. * Balance: min. 1,000 AZN, max. 100,000 AZN
Up to 10% cashback
Benefit from “Faydalı" cashback packages and get higher cashback from our partners.
Order your card in 3 steps
Order the card online
Complete your card order quickly and easily online.
Activate it
Activate your card fast and conveniently via the ABB mobile app.
Start making payments
Once your card is activated, you can start making payments right away.
Enter your personal information to order a card.
I hereby consent to the submission of my information to Bank ABB throughAzerbaijan Credit BureauandASAN Finance.
12 ways to protect yourself from fraudsters
Follow these guidelines so that fraudsters do not deceive you.
Cyber fraud against bank clients has become one of today’s major problems. Almost every day, someone trusts fraudsters, shares their personal data, and ends up suffering the consequences.
Your reliable bank ABB has compiled a list of the most common cyber fraud scenarios to protect customers and raise awareness.
Read, share, and keep yourself and others safe!
1. Stay alert if someone calls claiming to be a bank employee!Very often, fraudsters call pretending to be bank staff. Under the pretext of “detecting a suspicious transaction” or “system issues,” they ask for confidential data to “protect your funds.” Listen, but don’t believe them. Never share these details (the 16-digit card number, CVV or CVC code, OTP from SMS, or your online banking password) with anyone. The bank already has this information and can perform any operation without calling you.
2. Verify urgent money requests from loved ones!Sometimes, fraudsters hack WhatsApp, Telegram, Instagram, and other social networks and message your contacts, urgently asking for money. In such cases, always call the sender and confirm whether it’s really them. Even calls from their number shouldn’t be trusted immediately — fraudsters may try to exploit your anxiety.
3. Don’t believe those who claim to have “accidentally” transferred money to your account!This is a common trick: you get a call or message saying money was sent to your account by mistake and asking you to send it back. Be careful — this is a scam! Check your balance and contact the bank before making any transfers.
4. Research discount and gift offers!If you see offers for discounts, investment opportunities, cheap electronics, flight tickets, gift cards, making money by posting reviews, etc., always check the company’s official website.
5. Don’t get excited about every “good news” message!If someone calls or writes to you about winning a lottery or prize and asks for confidential information to transfer your winnings, thank them and consult your bank first.
6. Don’t participate in suspicious online lotteries!Fraudsters often send links inviting you to join online lotteries or giveaways. Don’t follow these links without checking — most are phishing sites. Entering your data there won’t increase your chance of winning, but it will put your information in fraudsters’ hands.
7. Protect your mobile device!Download apps only from official stores. Before paying online, check the website address carefully. Never share your data with strangers or install apps at someone else’s request.
8. Always use a secure internet connection!Never use online banking via public WiFi or other people’s devices.
9. Don’t trust suspicious buying/selling offers!If someone asks for your card details to pay an advance for something you’re selling, don’t share them. A real buyer will pay in person.
10. Monitor your accounts!Download your bank’s mobile app, regularly check your transaction history, enable SMS notifications, and block your card immediately if you notice suspicious activity.
11. Know what information your bank may ask for!A bank employee may only ask for limited information for identification purposes: CIF, the first/last 4 digits of your card, your registered phone number, or FIN. They never ask for your full card number, PIN, or SMS codes.
12. Use ABB mobile!ABB mobile is ISO:IEC 27001:2022 certified, uses international security systems, and requires dual identification during registration (with FIN and SİMA signature).
Brand center
Get detailed information about our brand identity, usage guidelines, and visual assets. Consistency and clarity in our brand's visual and communication standards form the foundation of our strong and cohesive image.
Brand identity
The brand’s social, ethical, and aesthetic value system. We are your trusted partner in the modern financial world.
Modern
Taking into account the demands of the times, we create resources for sustainable development.
Useful
We strive to be beneficial to all our partners.
Universal
We strive to offer products and services that meet the needs of all segments of the population.
Meet the Brandbook
Created for being acquainted with diverse versions of the elements included in the ABB brand and the rules regarding their usage and obtaining necessary information via various visuals.
Logotypes
Download:png
DigiDeposit - Fully digital
Increase the value of your money safely and conveniently
Start earning with DigiDeposit
Fully online
Create up to 30 deposits anytime, anywhere through ABB Mobile. The option to automatically extend the contract during registration is available.
High returns
Earn up to 10% annually with a deposit term of up to 18 months. Additionally, you can increase your deposit up to 90 days before the contract ends.
Flexible withdrawal
Withdraw the funds early without penalty and without interest deduction, take advantage of financial flexibility.
Open DigiDeposit account in 3 steps
Log in to ABB mobile
Tap the "+" icon and select "DigiDeposit"
In the pop-up window, click "Start now"
Deposit insurance terms
Learn more about deposit insurance and compensation terms
Investments via ABB mobile!  Easy access for everyone!
Take advantage of capital market oppotunities
Own shares of global companies, ETFs, and bonds with just one tap!
7/24/365
Easily find and trade stocks that fit your portfolio from wherever you are
Direct transfers
High income to your balance and unlimited withdrawal transactions with no extra commission.
Fractional trading
Invest fully or partially according to the amount.
Investment account
The securities you purchase are registered and insured in your name.
Investing is as close as an app
Access your portfolio anytime to view your bought and sold shares and track your investment history.
Easily monitor market data and changes
Stock and bond details all on one page
Wide and user-friendly investment search filters
Get stocks of global companies in one click
Discover the world of investment with ABB mobile
Manage the stocks in your portfolio with ease
You can view the stocks you bought and sold, and track your investment history by accessing your portfolio any time
Advantages of investment with ABB mobile
Track the stocks of popular companies with our investment opportunities
Guarantee line
ABB offers the guarantee line product to clients for the use of guarantee instruments
Collateral-free
Obtain a guarantee line easily without collateral
Consultation
Benefit from advisory services when using the guarantee line
Apply and formalize the guarantee line without visiting the bank
More cashback, more profit!
Earn more with ABB’s cashback opportunities!
Annual fee
Monthly limit
300 ₼
Faydalı Club
You always win with Bank ABB
Earn up to 10%"Faydalı"cashback
Choose the package that fits your lifestyle and start earning cashback!
Capitalist
Family man
Adventurist
Romantic
Young
WithFayda Maxreach the maximum!
Enjoy the benefits of Fayda Max with ABB mobile — the more you spend, the more you earn!
Bronze
1.1x extra cashback and 3 other benefits
Silver
1.2x extra cashback and 5 other benefits
Gold
1.3x extra cashback and 7 other benefits
Prime
Unlock even greater privileges!
Other advantages
The offered rewards will be constantly updated.
up to 20% from club partners
FaydalıClub
Pay with ABB cards at partners’ points, get up to 20% of your spending!
For youth aged 18–29
FaydaMania
ABB youth can earn rewards by completing tasks from our partner network.
Micro-entrepreneur
Payment systems
The mobile POS terminal in the ABB Biz app is a modern, convenient, and portable way for your small business to accept cashless payments!
Benefits to your company
Easy integration
Get started in just minutes - connect with your smartphone or tablet and start accepting payments instantly!
Security
Advanced encryption keeps your transactions protected and minimizes the risk of fraud.
Customer convenience
Accept payments right from your phone - no physical POS terminal needed!
Cost-effective solution
Enjoy POS service with no deposit or extra fees - manage your business easily and efficiently!
Advantages of MPOS
Accept payments easily with MPOS, track your turnover, and manage your account effortlessly
Manage your MPOS transactions
“End of Day” cabinet
User management for MPOS
We ensure the security and protection of your data.
How to order MPOS?
Create an MPOS order
Complete your MPOS terminal application in ABB Biz with just a few clicks.
Sign the created contract
Review and digitally approve the contract created based on your application.
Please wait while the terminal is being created
After the contract is confirmed, your terminal will be activated shortly.
Accept payments
Start accepting card payments immediately after MPOS is activated.
You might also be interested in
QR code
Service for accepting contactless payments from NFC-enabled Android mobile devices
ABB link
Deposit insurance
What is an insured deposit?
It is a part or the whole deposit which is eligible for the compensation in case of the insurance incident in a participating bank as per the clauses of the “Deposit insurance Law of Azerbaijan Republic”
Which deposits are eligible for the insurance scheme?
If your deposit was opened before March, 2nd 2016: all the deposits with the annual interest rate not exceeding 12% in foreign and 15% in national currency and with amount not exceeding AZN 30 000 are insured.
If your deposit was opened after March, 2nd 2016: all the deposits with the annual interest rate not exceeding 15% national currency and not exceeding 3% in foreign currency are insured.
If your deposit was opened after July, 1st 2019: all the deposits with the annual interest rate not exceeding 10% national currency and not exceeding 2.5% in foreign currency are insured.
If your deposit was opened after June, 1st 2020: all the deposits with the annual interest rate not exceeding 12% national currency and not exceeding 2.5% in foreign currency are insured.
According to the relevant legislation, which came into force on December 18, 2020, from April 5, 2021, each participating bank will be compensated in the amount of 100% of the insured deposit (provided that it does not exceed 100 thousand AZN).
If you hold a deposit contract with an interested rate exceeding the one which is stipulated by the Deposit Insurance Fund as eligible for insurance you may visit your branch and make amendments to your contract by decreasing the interest rate on deposit in order to make it eligible for insurance.  ABB will pay you all the interest accrued before the day of your visit and you will sign an addition to your deposit contract with the interest rate, not exceeding 2.5% in US dollars or 10% in AZN.
As of June 1, 2020, the upper limit of the annual interest rate on protected deposits in national currency was raised from 10% to 12%, while the upper limit of the annual interest rate on protected deposits in foreign currency was raised to 2.5%.
Compensations terms
Are the interest accrued on the deposit are compensated?
Yes, the interest accrued on deposits up to the date of the insurance incident, is compensated, with the condition that the total of the principal amount and interest amount don’t exceed the maximum compensation amount stipulated by the law.
In which currencies the compensation will be paid?
For deposits nominated in national currency – in AZN;
For deposits nominated both in national currency and in foreign currency – in AZN as one deposit;
For deposits nominated in USD – in USD and EUR;
For deposits in other currencies - in USD or EUR calculated with the cross rate according to the Central Bank's official exchange rate on the date of the insurance incident.
All accounts
Current account
Current account in multiple currencies
You can open accounts in AZN, USD, EUR, and other currencies.
Open accounts in multiple currencies
US dollars
Japanese yen
Deposit to the account
Deposit money into your current account at any of our branches.
Withdrawal from account
Withdraw from your account at any of our branches.
Transfer or receive funds domestically and internationally.
DigiTransfer – easy and fast
As part of the ongoing promotion, your first transfer with DigiTransfer is commission-free.
Via
The money transfer is truly fast
Urgent transfers
Send and receive money via ABB – fast, simple, and convenient
Wire transfers
Transferring money between accounts is easy and cost-effective with ABB
What are the limitations on the transfer abroad by an individual?
ABB - Bank of the Year
Our goal is to be your trusted partner in the modern financial world
Main awards
Bank ABB has been honored with a number of international awards for its achievements in customer centricity and financial innovation.
Get to know Bank ABB better
Mission and strategic vision
Core activities of ABB and its long-term strategic goals
Social responsibility and sponsorship
Reports
Financial position and corporate reporting documents of ABB
Research
Market, sector, and customer research conducted by the bank
Documents
Policies
Shape the Future with BankABB!
Bank at the numbers
Key statistics
17 571
Legal entities
4 582
Large enterprises
12 989
Small and medium enterprises
92 837
Entrepreneurs
2 759 579
Physical persons
2 666 742
Non-entrepreneur individuals
2 831 095
Payable active cards
Credit line for depositors
For customers with a deposit at ABB, a credit line of up to 60% of the deposit, or up to 50,000 AZN in the deposit currency, is available. APRC: min. 5.21% - maks. 23.12%
Details about credit line
Amount
Up to 60% of the deposit amount, and up to 50,000 in the deposit's currency
Term
12 months (provided the deposit period is not exceeded)
Annual interest rate
With a grace period: Within a 28% limit in the national currency
Fee
0% comission.
Guarantee
Deposit
Repayment mode
Principal amount – during the loan period,
interest amount – monthly
56%
Leadership & Management
Our management team brings expertise, innovation, and strategic direction to ensure continuous improvement and excellence in everything we do.
Management
SUPERVISORY BOARD
Shahmar Arif oghlu Movsumov
Chairman of Supervisory Board
Khalid Nuraddin oghlu Ahadov
Member of Supervisory Board
Emin Zamin oghlu Huseynov
Matin Balasan oghlu Eynullayev
Fakhri Yashar oghlu Ismayilov
Majid Hasan oglu Mammadov
Independent member of Supervisory Board
Rufat Ragim oglu Alimardanov
Management board
Abbas Ibrahimov
Chairman of the Management Board
Agshin Amirov
Deputy Chairman of the Management Board, Member of the Management Board, Chief Risk Officer
Elmir Habibullayev
Deputy Chairman of the Management Board, Member of the Management Board
Nabi Aliyev
Deputy Chairman of the Management Board, Member of the Management Board, Chief Financial Officer
Taleh Tahirli
Deputy Chairman, Member of the Management Board, Chief Strategy Officer
Vasif Ahmadov
Nargizkhanim Bilandarli
Managing directors
Aynur Suleymanli
Managing director
Fuad Islamov
Nihat Shenyuva
Chief Information Officer
Anar Abbasov
Urgent money transfers at Bank ABB. Send and receive money quickly and easily.
Instant Payments System
Make internal transfers anytime, anywhere, and in various currencies through business accounts and cards
24/7 available
You can perform payment transactions at any time, without the need to wait for business hours
Fast and simple
Payments are executed instantly using simplified identifiers such as FIN code, TIN, mobile number or email
Business transactions
Individual entrepreneurs and legal entities can accelerate transfers, make tax payments instantly, and reduce transaction costs
Corporate loans
ABB offers its clients short-term and long-term business loans to implement their projects
100 000 AZN - 10 mil. AZN
From 8%
Select the right loan option for your business
Corporate lending
Large companies can obtain loans on favorable terms to finance their projects
Export support loan
Companies that export their products abroad are eligible to apply
Frequently Asked Questions
What are business loans?
Live exchange rate for today. Cash or non-cash purchase and sale prices between a number of currencies can be found in the table below. With the help of a currency converter, you can easily calculate buying and selling amounts between two exchange rates.
Currency rates
Last update:06.04.2026
Track currencies and calculate instantly
Live currency rates
On this page, you can view the most recently updated buy and sell rates for live currencies. Current indicators for cash and non-cash transactions across various currencies are presented in a table format. The live currency section allows you to monitor the real-time exchange rates of different currencies. This information plays a key role for both individual users and businesses when planning currency transactions. By comparing buy and sell rates, you can choose the most favorable time for your operations. Regularly updated live currency rates also help minimize financial risks.
What are the advantages of a live currency converter?
With the live currency converter, you can instantly calculate amounts between two different currencies. Simply select the amount and currencies to see the buying and selling rates within seconds. This tool makes it easy to perform accurate calculations for travel, online shopping, and international payments. The live currency converter also helps users compare rate differences in real time. This allows you to plan your daily financial decisions more precisely and monitor market changes effectively. With up-to-date data, conducting transactions at the correct rate anytime becomes convenient. Check live currency rates and calculations now to plan your financial decisions with greater accuracy!
As part of its new strategic development phase, ABB Bank is expanding its lifestyle banking ecosystem by offering travelers convenient services on a single platform.To date, the Bank has already made services such as travel insurance, visa application support, obtaining statements and certificates, as well as the use of ABB AZAL Miles cards for earning travel miles available through the ABB mobile application.
Now, ABB Bank has another important update for travel enthusiasts. The ABB eSIM service has been launched in the mobile application. This innovation eliminates the problem of internet access during international travel. Any user of the ABB mobile app, while abroad, can select a suitable ABB eSIM package and easily connect to the internet.
ABB eSIM allows users to access services without a physical SIM card, connect to reliable internet across different countries, make purchases and payments directly within the app, and conveniently manage and track selected packages.
It is worth noting that eSIM (embedded SIM) is a virtual SIM card that replaces a physical one. It is downloaded into the device’s internal memory and, once activated, enables access to a mobile operator’s network.
eSIM offers numerous advantages for travelers. First, there is no need to replace a physical SIM card. With eSIM, users can connect to different mobile operators in various countries. Unlike roaming services, eSIM packages offer more cost-effective тарифы.
Through the ABB mobile app, users can obtain the ABB eSIM service directly without changing their physical SIM card, activate it instantly, and enjoy uninterrupted internet access abroad. Activation is simple and convenient—just scan a QR code.
One of the key advantages of the ABB eSIM service is that no 18% VAT is applied when purchasing it via the ABB mobile app. This provides additional cost savings for users.ABB Bank will continue to develop the concept of consolidating travel services on a single platform by launching new projects.
For more information about ABB Bank’s modern, beneficial, and versatile products and services, please visit the Bank’s branches and offices, the official websitehttps://abb-bank.az/, contact the Information Center at 937, or follow the Bank’s official social media pages.
Payment solutions for small entrepreneurs
POS terminals, online payments, and more – all just a tap away!
All POS Services
Choose the POS service that fits your business needs.
Mobil POS
Mobile POS terminals are one of the most modern and portable ways for small businesses to accept cashless payments.
Accept payments on the spot with a portable and convenient mobile POS.
ABB Link
ABB Link will soon be available in ABB Biz.
How to order POS services in ABB Biz?
Create MPOS order
Sign the generated contract
Wait while the terminal is being created
What is a Mobile POS and what are its advantages?
How can I place a Mobile POS order and how long does activation take?
What is the difference with QR code payment?
Are these payment methods secure?
Accessible to large corporate clients operating in the non-oil sector, as well as entrepreneurs engaged in production and export activities, including new clients of the bank.
Concessional loan terms
Transfers up to the loan amount are commission-free
0% commission
Make payments with no additional costs
With a 50% discount
Special offer for documentary transactions
Tam DigiCard – Fully digital, fully real
When ordering a Tam DigiCard or Tam Visa card via digital channels for the first time - the card is free.
Commission-free operations
Transfers from other bank cards, cash withdrawals, and deposits to the card are completely commission-free.
Order your card online
You can complete your order online quickly.
Get instant approval
Your application is reviewed immediately.
We deliver at full speed to your address
In Baku and Absheron, you can receive your card for free via courier or pick it up at any ABB branch.
Tam DigiCard
DigiHesab Max — Earn from your account balance
Earn interest on your balance with your DigiHesab Max account.
Interest rate
Up to 6%
Interest-calculated amount
200 - 3 mln.
Account currency
AZN/USD
Find the right deposit for you
DigiHesab Max
Earn interest on your balance with your DigiHesab Max account, which you can easily open, based on a fully digital experience with your SIMA signature on ABB mobile.
Dama-Dama
Open a "Dama-Dama" account and reach big goals with small steps!
Open DigiHesab account
Create a fully digital online account.
Open accounts in multiple currencies.
The subscription to ABB Bank bonds has been successfully completed. During the subscription period, held from March 4 to March 17, strong demand was observed from both individual and corporate investors. The volume of orders exceeded the offered amount by approximately five times, once again demonstrating the high level of trust in ABB Bank’s bonds.
In order to create new investment and income opportunities for citizens, as well as to support the development of the country’s securities market, priority was given to individual investors — their applications were satisfied first. In total, 503 individual investors purchased ABB Bank bonds. Notably, 97% of investors submitted their applications through the ABB mobile application.
The bonds were issued in two tranches of 5 million AZN each. The nominal value of each bond was 100 AZN, with each tranche consisting of 50,000 registered, interest-bearing, unsecured, and dematerialized bonds. The yield was set at 10% per annum for a 1-year term and 11% per annum for a 2-year term. Interest payments are made quarterly and are exempt from taxation for individual investors.
The placement of the bonds through a public offering was completed on March 19. Investors will also have the opportunity to trade the bonds on the secondary market. The bonds will be listed on the Baku Stock Exchange.
ABB Bank bonds will become a permanent product of the Bank and will continue to be offered regularly in smaller volumes. The next tranche is planned to be announced in the second quarter of 2026.
In addition to providing stable returns for investors, ABB Bank bonds also contribute to the development of the capital market in the country.
For more detailed information about ABB Bank’s modern, beneficial, and versatile products and services, please visit the Bank’s branches and service centers, the official websitehttps://abb-bank.az/, contact the Information Center at 937, or follow the Bank’s official social media pages.
Urgent tender guarantee
Tender guarantee without collateral or guarantor, issued within 1 business day at the Bank's own expense
Up to 50 000 ₼
Up to 12 months
5%
Commission
0.3%
Select the right option for you
A written guarantee in which the bank undertakes to make a payment to the Beneficiary in case the Principal fails to fulfill their contractual obligations
Letter of credit
A banking product that ensures payment of the amount specified in the letter of credit opened at the buyer’s instruction to the seller
Invest in your future with ABB!
Explore various investment opportunities with Bank ABB to secure your financial future.
Key financial numbers of 2024
293 732.04 ₼
Net profit (1st in the Market)
13 628 949.09
Assets
6.1%
Net interest margin
17%
Return on Equity (ROE)
2.6%
Return on assets (ROA)
39.0%
Expense to income ratio
0.04
Dividend per share (DPS)
3.44
Share price to earnings ratio (P/E ratio)
Financial ratios
Key metrics
29.0%
Shareholder return
Calculations are based on the nominal value of shares (0.27 AZN)
15.6%
Dividend yield
0.08 AZN
Earnings per share
200 mln. AZN
Dividends paid
*Calculations are based on the nominal value of shares (0.27 AZN)
Press releases
14.02.2024
ABB-də bizneslər üçün onlayn investisiya imkanları!
07.05.2023
Buy now, pay later
Buy the product you want from partner stores now, start paying later.
Service advantages
Get the product or service immediately
The Bank transfers the amount directly to the partner store’s account.
Fast processing
You can receive the selected product on the spot with fast processing.
Interest-free
No additional annual interest is applied to the amount.
Installment payment option
You can pay the amount in installments with a two-weekly or monthly payment plan.
Use the "Buy now, pay later" service in 3 steps
Visit partner stores offering the "Buy now, pay later" service.
Choose the products you want.
Complete the transaction via the ABB mobile app and receive your product.
VISA Business Platinum
Make your business and travel payments convenient with Visa Business Platinum
Visa Business cards are accepted at millions of locations worldwide and across the Visa ATM network
Personalization
Customize your card with your company name and align it with your brand
Convenient shopping
Easily use your card in both physical stores and online platforms
Additional benefits
Visa Business Concierge
Delegate all your daily tasks to Visa Business Concierge.
Accounting consultation by Accounting.az (4 times per year)
Register via the Visa Concierge bot, select the service, and after card verification receive prompt answers to your accounting questions
Insurance abroad
Travel with Visa Platinum Business, cover your transport and accommodation expenses, and enjoy compensation benefits.
Business Lounges (2 times per year)
With the Visa Business Premium card, enjoy free access to lounge areas at any airport.
Round-trip airport transfer (2 times per year)
Enjoy comfortable transfer rides to airports in major cities such as Baku (Azerbaijan), Istanbul (Türkiye), Abu Dhabi, and Dubai (UAE)
Fast Track International (2 times per year)
In more than 13 countries, pass airport formalities within minutes with the Fast Track International service.
IHG Hotels
Make your journey unforgettable with a 15% discount at IHG® Hotels & Resorts locations worldwide.
Medical and legal assistance
Travel safely with free medical consultations, access to local medical specialists and supplies, and legal advisory services.
Rentalcars
Rent any car with a 10% discount and explore the country you’re visiting with greater comfort.
Avis
Discover new destinations and horizons and earn up to 35% bonus on car rentals.
E-Randevu
Through the R@ndevu service, you can make an appointment in advance at our branches and departments. Thus, by choosing a date and exact time that is convenient for you, you will receive priority service at the bank without waiting in line.
DigiHesab — Reliable and digital
You can open AZN, USD and EUR accounts completely online through the ABB mobile application.
Account in 3 currencies
Deposit from any ABB card
Use the ABB mobile to deposit funds from any bank card into your DigiHesab account without commission.
Obtaining cash from any Bank ABB branch
You can withdraw the cash in your account at any of our branches.
Direct transfers from your account
Make domestic or international transfers directly from your account. You can open a maximum of 2 DigiHesab accounts in each currency.
Open DigiHesab account in 3 steps
Go to the "All products" section and select "Accounts"
Click "Open DigiHesab", then select "Open a current account in different currencies" in the pop-up window
It is a written guarantee in which the bank undertakes to make a payment to the Beneficiary in case the Principal fails to fulfill their contractual obligations
ABB offers you the following services related toguarantees
Issuance, confirmation, and advising of guarantees;
Confirmation by correspondent banks
Confirmation of guarantees by first-tier correspondent banks;
Multicurrency operations and risk management
Considering risks, the possibility to isolate funds in one currency and open a guarantee in another currency.
SWIFT & Third-party approvals
Transmission of guarantee information via SWIFT and confirmation of guarantees received from other banks.
Urgent Tender Guarantee
Obtain a tender guarantee without the need for a guarantor or collateral, all within one working day and funded by the bank
Without collateral
Get a guarantee easily without the need for collateral or a guarantor
Consulting service
Take advantage of consulting services when working with guarantees
Apply for and formalize the guarantee without visiting the bank
Our policies
Key principles and governance rules applied in Bank ABB’s operations
This March 8, while delighting your loved ones, you can also grow your miles balance.
06.03.2026-08.03.2026
From March 6–8, 2026, earn 2x miles on payments made with your ABB-AZAL Miles card in selected categories.
How to participate?
Simply pay with your ABB-AZAL Miles card in MCC categories included in the campaign. No additional registration is required - miles will be calculated automatically.
Included categories:
Restaurants and fast food
Flower shops
Gift shops
Jewelry
Clothing and accessories
SPA and care services
Cosmetics and perfumery
Online shopping and marketplaces (including Trendyol, Azora, and similar platforms)
Campaign terms:
Campaign period: March 6, 7, and 8, 2026;
Valid only for transactions in MCC categories eligible for miles accrual;
Cash withdrawals, P2P transfers, loan payments, betting transactions, and other non-mile-earning transactions are excluded;
Additional earned miles will be credited after the campaign ends;
No additional registration is required to participate.
Take advantage of fast money transfers in US dollars
Transfer rates with Western Union
European countries*
To other foreign countries**
UAE, Saudi Arabia
To the United States of America
Poland
Thailand, Philippines, Malaysia, Pakistan, Bangladesh,Vietnam, Sri Lanka, Afghanistan, Indonesia, Nepal,Japan, Australia, Myanmar, New Zealand, Cambodia,India, Singapore, Laos, Brunei, Maldives, Bhutan
* Within the framework of this tariff, the following countries are considered part of Europe: Albania, Andorra, Austria, Belgium, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, United Kingdom, Hungary, Germany, Greece, Denmark, Ireland, Iceland, Spain, Italy, Cyprus, Northern Cyprus, Kosovo, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Macedonia, Malta, Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Serbia, Finland, France, Croatia, Montenegro, Czech Republic, Sweden, Switzerland, Estonia.
Within the framework of this tariff, “Distant Foreign Countries” include all other countries except Georgia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Moldova, Tajikistan, Uzbekistan, Ukraine, Turkmenistan, Turkey, the People’s Republic of China, European countries, the United Arab Emirates, and Saudi Arabia.
"12-hour"**
Ukraine
"Cash to account"
***A transfer to the recipient’s bank account can be sent to over 140 countries, and the coverage is constantly expanding. The possibility of sending to a specific country must be confirmed in the Western Union system software.
These tariffs are effective from January 12, 2026.
Earn interest on your balance with your DigiHesab Max account!
Save, manage and earn!
Commission-free deposit from any bank card
Use the ABB Mobile app to deposit funds from any bank card into your DigiHesab Max account without commission.
You can withdraw cash from your account at any of our branches without commission. Moreover, you will not lose the interest earned until that day.
Make domestic or international transfers directly from your account. You can open up to 6 DigiHesab Max accounts.
Open DigiHesab Max account in 3 steps
Tap the "+" icon and select "DigiHesab Max"
In the pop-up window, click "Open DigiHesab Max"
Effective Money Management
In today’s world, effective management of financial resources requires not only keeping track of daily expenses but also allocating surplus funds in the most efficient way.
In today’s world, effective money management is not just about tracking daily expenses, but also about allocating your funds in the right direction. Investing in stocks is one of the most efficient ways to secure your future and move towards financial independence.
With the ABB mobile app, you can easily invest in shares of leading global companies. Opening an investment account, making transactions, and managing your portfolio is simple and convenient — all in one app.
Benefits of investing with ABB mobile:
Opportunity to invest in shares of world-famous companies
Transparent real-time transactions
User-friendly and secure experience
Manage your money efficiently and secure your future with ABB’s reliable investment solutions!
➡️For more information and to start investing,click here.
Flight tickets are now available on ABB Business!
ABB Bank, which also develops solutions in the field of non-banking services, has introduced a new convenient solution for its corporate clients. TheFlyDesk project enables business trips to be planned directly via theABB Businessplatform.
Business owners, accountants, human resources professionals, and other corporate users can now search for flight tickets, compare airfare prices, and complete the entire purchase process online without leaving ABB Business. This solution has been implemented for the first time in Azerbaijan by ABB Bank.
The FlyDesk service is integrated with the global distribution system. To use the service, clients simply log in to ABB Business Internet Banking, select the “FlyDesk” section, specify their destination and travel dates, choose a suitable flight, and complete the payment directly on the banking platform.
The ability to purchase flight tickets for business trips without switching to third-party websites, entirely in a digital format, as well as the high speed and security of transactions, are the key advantages of this solution.
Detailed information about ABB Bank’s modern, convenient, and universal products and services is available at the Bank’s branches and departments, on the official websitehttps://abb-bank.az, via the 937 Information Center, and on the Bank’s official social media pages.
Salary Сards
Affordable VISA Classic PayWave Salary and Mastercard Standard PayPass salary cards for your employees
Benefits for the company
Time and cost savings
Reduction of expenses related to the collection, counting, and distribution of cash funds
Fast
Timely transfer of funds to salary cards
Reliable
Ensuring the confidentiality of employee salary information
Benefits for company employees
Free payments
Obtaining an international payment card without any additional cost
Free cash withdrawal
Withdraw cash from our extensive ATM network and make payments at POS terminals and online stores
Payments and cash withdrawals abroad
Conveniently withdraw funds from any ATM and make cashless payments while travelling
24/7 services
Benefit from our electronic services and 24/7 open banking channels
Payments and Fees
1 year - 10 AZN;
2 years - 20 AZN;
3 years - 30 AZN.
Social Responsibility / Sponsorship
Empowering communities: Our commitment to society
If you want to receive a confirmation letter for your account, you can order it online and save your time. Provide all your information online in advance, and once your certificate is ready, you can collect it from any of our branches/sub-branches.
The application is only for statement orders. The service fee is 10 AZN. However, you can obtain an extract for free either through the mobile app or by contacting the branch.
How to order?
Go to the "Online Services" section on the homepage;
Select the "Order statement" option;
Enter your first name, last name, and father's name;
Choose the type of your account: card or current;
Select the branch/department where you received the service;
Upload photos of the front and back of your ID card;
Select the currency in which the balance in your account will be displayed in the statement;
Choose the language in which the statement will be prepared;
Specify the information you want to be shown in the letter;
Provide and confirm your email address and mobile phone number;
Pay the service fee;
To receive the statement, approach the operator with a document confirming your identity (we recommend selecting the "Online card" option in the electronic queue management system under Online orders);
To avoid waiting in line, schedule an appointment at the branch in advance via the R@ndevu service.
When will my statement be ready?
Orders placed by 14:00 on business days will be processed starting at 10:00 on the next business day.
Orders placed after 14:00 on a business day will be processed starting at 10:00 on the next business day.
Orders placed on non-working days will be processed the next working day from 14:00.
*If there is a discrepancy in the information you provided during the order, our employee will contact you.
Online Cash Loan On Favorable Terms
Get a cash loan of up to 50,000 AZN without visiting the branch, from wherever you are! Order now, and have the amount transferred to your ABB card. APRC: min. 10.9% - max. 37.7%
Advantages of a cash loan
Convenient loan terms
Get a cash loan of up to 50,000 AZN starting from 10.9% fully online and without a guarantor, without visiting a bank branch.
Fast loan processing
Get your cash loan instantly with fast online processing.
Installment card with no interest as a gift
When you obtain a cash loan, you will be granted a free installment card as a gift. This card allows you to make convenient, interest-free purchases for up to 24 months
Voluntary Credit Life Insurance
Get a discount on the annual interest rate by insuring your loan with credit life insurance.
Get a cash loan in 3 steps in ABB Mobile
What is your plan?
Traveling
Paying for airline tickets, hotel reservations, and living unforgettable adventures
Education
Covering tuition fees and course materials
Car
Car purchase, repairs and upgrades
Personal purchases
Buying furniture, electronics, or hosting special events
Apply for a loan online right now
We guarantee the security and protection of your data
24/7 Call Center
Call Center of the Bank ABB serves customers 24/7. By contacting the Call Center, customers can get detailed information about the Bank's products and services without visiting the branches/sub-branches."
937 · (+994 12) 493 00 91
Calls from mobile operators and landline phones outside Baku are charged.
Calls from landline phones in Baku are completely free of charge.
During the service, customers are asked questions about their ID card serial number and PIN code, Customer Code (CIF) and password to identify them. When contacting the Information Center, the customer should have their ID card, Bank ABB payment card or account number information with them to easily answer these questions.
Customers can obtain the following services from the Call Center:
Balance and account balance information;
Information about the transaction performed on the card (blocked amount, failed payment, etc.);
Information about transactions performed on cards with a credit limit;
Information about cash loans;
Deletion of funds in the cash loan account from the total debt;
Resetting unsuccessful PIN attempts;
Checking the status of the card;
Blocking and activating the card;
Placing requests regarding difficulties encountered when using ATM, Cash-In and Azericard terminals;
Activation/deactivation of SMS notification service, setting of porting number for SMS notification service;
Activation of 3D Secure service/checking/changing active number for 3D Secure service;
Activation of Mobile Banking and Internet Banking program when blocked;
Verification of all transactions through the POS terminal;
Activation/deactivation of relevant limits on the card.
Special Cashback Holiday Campaign for Our Customers in Celebration of Novruz!
18.03.2026-20.03.2026
Campaign Terms:
Transaction period: March 18, 2026 (00:00) – March 20, 2026 (23:59)
Cashback redemption date: Only on March 21, 2026 (00:00 – 23:59)
How to participate:
Make purchases for the assigned amount during the transaction period.
Go to the "FaydaMania"section in the ABB mobile app.
During the transaction days, click the "Claim" button and activate your gift.
On March 21, shop in the designated categories and earn up to 5% cashback.
Cashback Categories:
Each customer can earn cashback in 3 categories. The categories participating in the campaign are: Restaurants, Supermarkets, Taxi, Confectionery, and Cinemas.
Cashback will not be calculated for QR transactions within the campaign.
Only retail transactions are included in the transaction target.In other words, purchases made through POS terminals in stores, markets, restaurants, e-commerce platforms, and other retail points count towards the transaction target.
Additional Information:
Only retail transactions count toward the transaction target.
Each customer will have a personalized transaction target and cashback percentage.
Maximum cashback amount: 10 AZN.
Cashback is instantly credited to yourFaydalı Cashbackbalance.
You can complete transactions with any ABB card (except business cards).
Cashback is only calculated on cards that supportFaydalı Cashback.
TheABB mobileapp must be at least version 9.26.0 to watch the video.
If a transaction is reversed, the cashback will be removed.
Note: You can view your assigned transaction target, cashback percentage, and categories in the "FaydaMania"section of the ABB mobile app via the banner.
Bank ABB has introduced another innovative offering — the Fayda Max Subscription program, designed to provide customers with additional benefits. This new feature allows ABB mobile users to subscribe on a monthly basis to the Fayda Max program stages: Bronze, Silver, and Gold.
Customers start by completing monthly tasks within the Fayda Max program and, upon reaching a certain stage, can subscribe to a higher desired stage by paying the difference between their current stage and the stage they wish to access.
For example, if a customer has reached the Silver stage but would like to enjoy the benefits of the Gold stage, they only need to pay the difference — 12 AZN (19 − 7 = 12) — to subscribe to the Gold stage.
If a customer has already reached the Gold stage by completing the tasks but wishes to subscribe to a lower stage, no subscription fee will be charged for the current month.
The subscription model activates the selected stage for one month, allowing customers to use its benefits from the moment of payment until the end of the current month. The subscription is automatically renewed each month.
This is the first subscription-based loyalty system implemented in mobile banking in Azerbaijan.
Its advantages include immediate access to rewards and benefits through a monthly fee, discounted subscription pricing when customers reach a stage by completing tasks, and the availability of three different packages for customers to choose from: Bronze — 3 AZN, Silver — 7 AZN, and Gold — 19 AZN. Automatic renewal of the subscription also provides additional convenience for users.
Fayda Max is a loyalty program created for all users of the ABB mobile application. If a customer joins Fayda Max and completes the tasks of any stage, they will receive rewards corresponding to the highest stage they achieved in the following month. More detailed information about the program can be foundhere.
For more information about the modern, convenient, and universal products and services of Bank ABB, customers can visit the Bank’s branches and service offices, theofficial website, contact the Information Center at 937, or follow the Bank’s official social media pages.
Minimum risk
Less risky than other payment instruments
An independent and irrevocable commitment
Irrevocable payment guarantee based on the submitted documents
Expand global connections
Facilitates the establishment of new trade relationships with international partners
ABB offers you the following services related toletter of credit
Opening, amending, verifying documents, and processing payments.
Consulting
Providing consulting services on letters of credit and related operations.
Information
Informing beneficiaries about letters of credit issued by other banks.
Confirmation and presentation
Confirming and issuing letters of credit using client’s or bank’s funds.
ABB Biz - Supporting your business is our mission!
Control your finances  - pay, transfer, and manage accounts
Exclusive benefits and advantages for your company
Discover a wide range of services that simplify your company’s financial management and accelerate your business processes.
Registration
Individual entrepreneurs can register online in the app without visiting a branch.
Account opening
Quickly and conveniently open an account and access it anytime, anywhere.
Intra-bank, domestic, and personal account transfers are simple and fast.
HÖP payments
Budget, utility, and telecommunication payments can be easily made.
Transaction Tracking
Through the mobile app, financial transactions can be tracked online, expenses analyzed, and budgets planned.
Card order
Individual entrepreneurs who are not VAT payers can order a debit card online and use it easily.
Loan order
With a credit order, you can access convenient and flexible financial support to meet your business needs.
Google Pay
With NFC support, you can easily withdraw cash from ATMs.
Apple Pay
Add BizKart to your mobile wallet and make your payments quickly and securely.
Open Accounts in 3 Currencies for Your Business
With ABB Biz, open your AZN, USD, and EUR accounts online quickly, easily, and without visiting a branch.
Euro
EUR
BEST BUSİNESS BANKING APP
Easily meet your business’s daily financial needs with the ABB Biz app.
4.5
Easily confirm your banking transactions with ASAN Imza and SIMA Imza.
24/7 operational support service. Delegate all your daily tasks to Visa Business Concierge
Corporate clients can obtain loans (credit lines) to increase their fixed and working capital, finance their projects, meet their obligations, and more
High loan amount offer
Loan opportunity with an amount and term tailored to the project
Currency options
Possibility of obtaining financing in any currency
Convenient repayment
Repayment terms determined based on the business project
More cards - more possibilities!
Discover endless possibilities – countless options with a single touch!
Keeping money in high-interest deposit accounts brings profit.
Get a cash loan fully online for your needs!
Order your online loan from anywhere to easily implement your plans. With advantageous terms and no guarantor.
Maximum amount
50 000 ₼
Minimum annual interest
10.9%
Maximum term
60 months
Min. and max. APRC
10.9%-37.7%
Select the right loan option for you
Get a cash loan of up to 50,000 AZN fully online without visiting the branch for your plans.
Car loan
Customers wishing to get an auto loan can select their desired vehicle from any authorized car dealership and apply for an online loan.
Advance credit line
Advance credit line is offered to individuals receiving a salary or pension, allowing them to cover urgent expenses without waiting for their paycheck.
Loan for depositors
Customers who have a deposit with ABB can apply for cash loan of up to 70% of the deposit amount, with a maximum limit of 50,000 AZN/USD.
Credit limit for depositors
Customers who have a deposit with ABB can apply for credit line of up to 60% of the deposit amount, with a maximum limit of 50,000 AZN/USD, on their card.
Reach your Dama-dama goals!
Open a Dama-dama account and achieve big goals with small steps!
Create, save, earn!
Ability to create up to 6 different accounts and goals!
You can set a goal starting from a minimum of 10 AZN.
Automatic transfer option
Round up your spending to transfer the difference, direct your “Faydalı keşbek” cashback to savings, "Auto-saving" feature.
A chance to earn 6% annually with no loss of interest!
Interest is calculated on the entire amount up to 500,000 AZN per account and added to your savings every month.
Open Dama-dama account in 3 steps
Tap the "+" icon and select "Dama-dama"
In the pop-up window, click Open "Dama-dama"
Urgent money transfers between ABB and Bank ABB Moscow are now more convenient through Granat urgent transfer service
Transfer rates with Granat
Service fee
(of transfer amount)
Make your monthly payment
You can easily make your loan payments to ABB and various institutions through ABB mobile. In addition, you can also make your ABB loan payments via ATMs and terminals.
Where to make a repayment?
Make online payments in the “ABB Bank/TamKart loan” section of the ABB mobile app.
ABB Cash-in ATMs
Select the branch, appointment date and time, and the type of transaction, then complete the registration using the OTP code.
MilliÖn and E-manat terminals
To make a payment, select "ABB" from the "Bank Services" section on the terminal.
With a wide range of options, you can easily perform your money transfer operations.
Charges & Fees
The transfer commission will be deducted from the sender's card.
If the currency of the sender's card differs from the currency of the recipient's card, an additional payment will be charged from the sender according to the exchange rate.
If the recipient is the holder of a pension, scholarship, interest, or salary card, a commission fee will be charged during cash withdrawal.
Loans
Business loan approval in just 2 minutes!
Meet your urgent cash needs with instant loan up to 500 000 AZN
Guarantees
Guarantee in just 1 business day!
Get execution and advance guarantees up to 500 000 AZN, and customs guarantees up to 200 000 AZN.
Loan to Entrepreneurs
Up to 500 000 AZN online, fast and easy
Deposit account
İnvest and earn stable returns
Business cards
Keep all your business expenses under control
"Çevik" bundle
Create a service package tailored to your needs
Internet Banking
Service packages
Salary cards
Investment Banking
Business API
Business Card
The Business Card allows you to manage employees’ travel, transport, and other business expenses more efficiently. It can be used in both debit and credit modes
AZN, USD, EUR and GBP
3 years
Digital services
ABB Business Internet Bank
Meet all your daily banking needs from a single platform
ABB Business API
Complete your banking operations directly from your ERP system
Trade platform
A multifunctional hub designed for B2B trade
Non-banking services
Access non-banking services from trusted partners
On the special days when Novruz and Ramadan holidays coincide, we are offering an exclusive campaign for ABB-AZAL Miles cardholders.
19.03.2026-21.03.2026
From March 19–21, 2026, you can earn double miles for payments made with your ABB-AZAL Miles card. Earn more miles from your everyday purchases and redeem them for AZAL flight tickets.
The campaign is valid on March 19, 20, and 21, 2026;
The campaign applies only to cashless transactions made in selected MCC categories eligible for miles;
Cash withdrawals, all types of transfers, loan payments, gambling/lottery transactions, and other non-mile-earning transactions are not included;
The double miles earned will be credited to the customer’s balance after the campaign ends in accordance with the existing accrual rules;
No additional application is required from the customer — miles will be credited automatically.
Transactions must be made under one of the following MCC codes:
5811 – Catering services5812 – Restaurants and dining establishments5813 – Bars, lounges, and drinking places5814 – Fast food restaurants
5411 – Supermarkets and large grocery stores5422 – Meat and meat product stores5441 – Confectionery and candy stores5451 – Dairy product stores5462 – Bakeries and bread shops5499 – Miscellaneous food stores and specialty food shops
7832 – Motion picture theaters7911 – Dance halls and studios7922 – Theatrical producers and ticket agencies (theater and concert tickets)7929 – Other live entertainment services7933 – Bowling alleys7941 – Sports clubs, fields, and recreational sports facilities7991 – Tourist and recreational services7993 – Video game arcades7994 – Video game and amusement machines7996 – Amusement parks and attractions7997 – Membership clubs and entertainment venues7998 – Aquariums, zoos, and similar attractions7999 – Miscellaneous entertainment and recreation services
Important information
If a merchant submits a transaction with an incorrect MCC code, double miles may not be applied. The Bank is not responsible for MCC codes provided by merchants.
TamKart Credit Card
TamKart is with you for your purchases in home appliances, travel, electronics, and much more. Get it all now, and pay in installments for up to 24 months. APRC: min.18.40% - max.40.60%
Proposals and Comments
Contact details of the ABB
Hotline: 937
Citizen reception is conducted on working days from 10:00 to 17:00. You can also send your feedback to[email protected]
Post address: Baku, AZ1005, Nizami str. 67
Contact details of the Central Bank of Azerbaijan Republic:
Address:AZ1014, Azerbaijan, Baku, R. Behbudov str. 32,
Tel:(994 12) 493 11 22
Fax:(994 12) 493 55 41
Email:[email protected]
BRIEF OVERVIEW OF THE INTERNAL RULES FOR CONSIDERATION OF CONSUMERS' APPEALS
The division of Customer request management (hereinafter “division”) should provide maximum opportunities for receiving customer requests, the methods for submitting applications should not be limited.
The consumer, in order to ensure consideration and response of his request, must provide the bank with at least the following information about himself and the subject of the complaint:
First name, last name and patronymic of the applicant (consumer)
Contact number (e-mail address)
Date of Birth
Address of registration or place of residence
Content of the appeal.
The applicant can submit their comments to the bank in oral, written or electronic form.
The applicant may provide a comment orally to staff of the Special Unit for Consumer Protection, Information Center hotline, or in written form as a letter (proposal or complaint) registered at the relevant branches of the Bank and provided to general issues specialists, or by sending it to the Bank’s Head Office by post, as well as sending it to[email protected].
If the applicant does not agree with the response given to his claim, and appeals to a credit institution with the purpose of reconsidering it, his appeal must be reconsidered and investigated under special supervision of the responsible person (member of the supervisory board), who will also respond to the appeal.
Consumers can apply to the Central Bank, as well as to the court for the restoration of their rights if they do not agree with the credit organization’s response to their appeal.
Consumer comments should be reviewed and responded to by the Bank within 15 business days in accordance with the requirements of Article 10 of the Law of the Republic of Azerbaijan “On the order for considering citizens` appeals”. If an additional investigation is required, the term for preparing a response may be extended up to 30 business days.
Each consumer can receive an e-mail address and a number of the call center for sending his requests, from information and advertising brochures of our bank and at our website. A special structural division on protection of consumer rights provides reports on the following criteria:
information about consumers;
the number, character and causes of appeals;
distribution of appeals for products and services;
the number of already responded requests, pending or denied;
the number of appeals for which compensation was paid and the amount of compensation.
Dear Customer! Your comment can be answered electronically or orally.
Submit a request online
Easy Transfers
Carry out your domestic and international transfers with ease and security
A beneficial loan for those wanting to buy a car from ABB
Customers wanting to obtain a car loan can choose any car from all official car dealers and apply for the loan online. APRC: min. 18.64% - maks. 41.65%
Requirements for customers
More than 6 months of work experience
Applicants must have worked at their current workplace for at least six months.
Salary cardholders of any bank
Valid for those receiving a salary via a card from any bank.
Age from 20 to 65
The applicant must be between 20 and 65 years old at the time of the last loan repayment.
Car loan 2026: terms, interest rates and application rules
Customers who wish to obtain a car loan can apply for the vehicle of their choice through authorized car dealerships. This type of loan provides a convenient and structured financial solution for purchasing a car. With a car loan, you can select your desired vehicle and make payments over a suitable period. According to current terms, car loans are available for amounts up to 200,000 AZN with a repayment period of up to 60 months. Loan terms may vary depending on the type of vehicle. For electric vehicles, interest rates start from 13%, for hybrid vehicles from 13.5%, and for other vehicles from 14%.
What is an auto loan and who can apply?
An auto loan is a financial product offered by banks to help customers purchase a vehicle. With this type of loan, customers can own a car without paying the full amount upfront. After making an initial down payment, the remaining amount is provided as a loan and can be repaid over an agreed period. Auto loans are available for both new cars and certain eligible vehicles. Typically, cars purchased through a loan should be up to 3 years old and have a mileage of no more than 1,000 km, allowing customers to choose a newer and more reliable vehicle.
How to obtain a car loan?
To obtain a car loan, the first step is to select the desired vehicle. Customers can choose their preferred car from official dealerships and then apply for the loan. During the application process, details such as the car’s price, down payment, and loan term are submitted. Once the application is approved, the loan amount is determined and a repayment schedule is prepared. The down payment starts from a minimum of 10% of the car’s price, and the service fee is 0.5% (minimum 20 AZN). This way, a car loan makes purchasing a vehicle more convenient and manageable.
Fayda Max Enhanced cashback
Select a category in the app and receive increased cashback
Fayda Max rewards
Cashback on DigiDeposit income
Only deposits made in the currency AZN are considered. Deposits in other currencies are not taken into account.
x1.1 "Faydalı cashback"
Cashback on online loan interest
You will receive 0.5% cashback on the interest amount of the online loan you obtained after FaydaMax activation
How to earn with Fayda Max
Activate Fayda Max
Simply activating "Fayda Max" once upon entering the "For you" is sufficient
Complete the goals
Complete the goals specific to each stage and receive rewards in the following month
Take advantage of the rewards
Earning rewards next month depends on completing specific levels by the end of this month
Info
Who is eligible to benefit from the "Fayda Max"?
What are the benefits of participating in the "Fayda Max"?
How many stages does Fayda Max have?
Why can't I access the Prime stage of Fayda Max?
Goal
How do utility payments affect my turnover?
How can I keep track of what stage I am at?
How can I successfully finish a stage?
What stage will I be at next month?
What happens if I fail to achieve any stage?
What criteria determine the repetition of the non-cash turnover target?
What is the maximum number of stages that can be completed in a month?
What is a Deposit Account?
What is the definition of non-cash turnover?
Why is the deposit target repeating in the Gold stage?
What do I need to do to realize my active cash loan goal?
Reward
How long are the rewards in the Prime stage valid?
How can the AZAL Miles card reward be used?
How can I track my rewards?
What is the maximum amount I can earn with the "Extra cashback" reward?
How can I use Prime stage gift tickets/promo codes?
Which stage reward do I get if I complete more than one stage?
When will my rewards be activated?
What is the definition of a commission-free card-to-card transfer?
What is the cashback bonus for cash loan payments?
What does extra cashback mean?
How to earn the Extra "ƏDV geri al" reward?
What is the maximum total amount I can receive with Extra "ƏDV geri al"?
If part of my transaction amount is canceled or refunded after scanning the receipt, will I still receive the Extra "ƏDV geri al"?
Can I receive Extra "ƏDV geri al" on installment or lump-sum payments?
What rewards are included in the Prime tier?
Is it possible to earn Extra "ƏDV geri al" if the transaction receipt is not scanned within 24 hours?
How can I use the check-up services for a child at Liv Bona Dea Hospital Medical Center?
If the monthly earnings from Extra "ƏDV geri al" amount to AZN 48, and there is an "ƏDV geri al" on the next payment, will the Extra "ƏDV geri al" amount be credited to the customer's balance?
How can I obtain ABB shares within the Prime framework?
How to use the check-up services at Liv Bona Dea Hospital medical center?
What is DigiDeposit?
What is the DigiDeposit income reward?
What is meant by cashback on investment purchases?
What does "queue-free" service at our branches mean?
What does "No Queue" service in the contact center mean?
How to use children’s check-up package (up to 16 years old) services at “Saglam Aile Medical Center”?
How to use women’s check-up package services at “Saglam Aile Medical Center”?
How to use men’s check-up package services at “Saglam Aile Medical Center”?
How can I use check-up services at “Referans” hospital?
Our research, through trend analysis, data evaluation, and identifying key findings, supports the formation of strategic decisions and innovations in finance and other sectors.
You can open a business account in different currencies (AZN, USD, EUR, etc.) entirely online via the ABB Business platform
Open a business account in different currencies
Send and receive money quickly with UPT on ABB mobile
Transfer rates with UPT
UPT transfer countries, commission fees and limits
Send and receive transfers in manats within a few minutes
Transfer rates with Manat Express
Note: The maximum service fee is 30 AZN.
Cash by Code
The Cash by Code service allows you to transfer money to individuals who do not have a bank card. Transfers are made online, and the recipient can receive the funds immediately. Thus, you can send money 24/7 without visiting a branch.
The code is valid for 24 hours.
"Faydalı" cashback
Save more with "Faydalı" cashback
Choose the package that fits your lifestyle and start earning cashback.
Advantages of "Faydalı" cashback
High cashback from different packages
Get higher percentages of cashback in various categories
Instant refund to the account in cash
Instant refund of cashback to the account in cash equivalent
Transfer the cashback to the card
Opportunity of transferring the collected funds to the account
Cashback categories
Partner
Neptun Supermarkets
4%(max. 30₼)
QR Payments
2%(max. 30₼)
"aloe+", "Buta" pharmacies
5%(max. 20₼)
Pablosky, Tommy Hilfiger, Sisley
Baku Electronics
Prive Steak House
8%(max. 30₼)
Embawood.az
5%(max. 30₼)
Bouquet.az
10%(max. 30₼)
Tudors
Ontop Bowling
Cafe Botanist
Xurcun Coffeeshop
3%(max. 30₼)
Republican Diagnostic Center
Automatic payment
2%(max. 10₼)
Adventurous
Air ticket
1.5%(max. 30₼)
Clothing stores
Taxi
Cafe/Restaurants
Perfumery
Accessories
Family boss
"Zəfəran", "Kanon", "Günəbaxan" pharmacies
IST Petrol
Grocery stores
1%(max. 30₼)
Clinic
0.5%(max. 30₼)
Accessorize, Moonsoon, UCB, Calvin Klein
All payments
0.5%(max. 10₼)
QR code payments
QR code  is a technology that works with the AniPay system, used to accept cashless payments from customers. The customer simply scans the QR code and confirms the payment without any additional steps.
Benefits to your company business
Simple usage
Customers pay via their mobile phones without needing a bank card or cash.
Secure
Data is encrypted and processed through the AniPay system, which reduces fraud risk.
The amount is credited to your account immediately after the payment is completed.
No commission
AniPay operates with affordable rates and no additional fees.
Types of QR codes
Pay simplified and unified tax declarations fully online with E-mühasibim feature.
Dynamic QR Code
At the point of sale, businesses generate a QR code with a specified amount for each payment.
Static QR Code
Customers scan a single QR code, enter the amount, and complete the payment.
A useful service for your business
Manage your QR transactions
Fast payments with static QR code
Refund a payment
Create a QR code order
Complete your application for a QR terminal in ABB Biz with just a few clicks.
Review and digitally approve the contract generated based on your application.
Start accepting card payments immediately once the QR code is activated.
You may also interested in
To accept contactless payments from NFC-enabled Android mobile devices
ABB Link is a virtual POS terminal that facilitates both businesses and customers during online sales, helping them to make their payments online easily.
Cash loan for depositors
Cash loan for depositors of the ABB. APRC: min. 5.21% - maks. 23.12%
Governance and Committees
Learn about our corporate governance structure and committees that oversee the execution of strategic decisions, compliance, and organizational integrity.
Opening, amending, verifying documents, and processing payments
Providing consulting services on letters of credit and related operations
Notification
Informing beneficiaries about letters of credit issued by other banks
Confirmation and issuance
Confirmation and issuance of letters of credit using customer or bank funds
Bizneslərin universal maliyyə tərəfdaşı olan ABB onlayn investisiya imkanlarını onlara təqdim edir. Bankın korporativ müştəriləri ABB Biznes İnternet Bank platforması vasitəsilə yerli və xarici bazarlarda investisiya imkanlarını artıra bilərlər. Bank bu xidməti özünün törəmə şirkəti olan "ABB-İnvest"in dəstəyi ilə təqdim edir.
Bankın korporativ müştəriləri artıq gündəlik bank əməliyyatları ilə yanaşı, İnternet Bank platformasında investisiya xidmətləri haqqında ətraflı məlumat əldə edə, bazar faiz dərəcələrinin təhlilini apara, müvafiq alətlərlə gəlirlərini hesablayaraq müraciət edə bilərlər. İxtisaslaşmış maliyyə məsləhətçiləri müraciətdən dərhal sonra investisiya fəaliyyəti ilə bağlı kömək üçün dərhal müştəri ilə əlaqə saxlayırlar.
Qeyd edək ki, bu günlərdə Bank investisiya imkanlarınıABB mobiletətbiqində də istifadəçilər üçün əlçatan edib.
ABB-nin müasir, faydalı və universal məhsul və xidmətləri barədə məlumatları Bankın filial və şöbələrindən,https://abb-bank.az/,rəsmi internet səhifəsindən və ya 937 nömrəli Məlumat Mərkəzindən, həmçinin rəsmi Facebook səhifəsindən əldə etmək olar.
The new generation of contactless ATMs also supports the cash-in function. By entering the 16-digit number on your card, you can top up your card balance in AZN, USD, and EUR.
A commission fee may be charged for this service according to the Bank’s rates.
Instant loan
Current clients of ABB who meet the minimum turnover requirements can instantly obtain funds tailored to their needs. APRC: min. 15.4% - maks. 29.8%
Get an instant response to your application and finalize the loan
Unsecured
Apply for and receive your loan with minimal paperwork, without visiting the bank
Classic deposit
Classic deposit with high interest
Keeping money in a high-interest deposit brings profit.
Gifts and privileges
Deposit amount, AZN
1,000 - 30,000
Interest withdrawal cards:
TamKart Standard Debet
TamKart Classic Debet
MasterCard Standard
VISA Classic
Cards for credit line:
30,000 - 100,000
TamKart Gold Debet
VISA Gold
MasterCard Gold
American Express Green
100,000 - 300,000
TamKart Platinum Debet
VISA Platinum
MasterCard Platinum
American Express Gold
300,000 or more
VISA Infinite
MasterCard WorldElite
American Express Platinum
If the term of the deposit is more than 1 year, the card is issued in accordance with that period.
A gift card intended for a lower deposit amount can be issued at your request. (For example: if a deposit is AZN 75 000, a customer can request VISA Classic instead of VISA Gold.)
TamKart Classic / Standard cards with a limit of AZN 500 can be provided free of charge with a deposit of more than AZN 10 000, and TamKart Gold cards with a limit of AZN 1 000 can be provided with a deposit of more than AZN 100 000.
Attention depositors!
Since 01.04.2022, If the total amount of deposits (one or more) placed and will be placed is AZN 1 000 000 (one million) equivalent or more, the newly placed deposits (one or more) interest rates on each are considered individually.
Based on the decision of the Management Board, from April 21, 2015, the Bank will be required to pay interest at the end of the term (interests are payable only on a monthly or annual basis), "Inter", "Avans", "Unnamed certificate", " "Black" deposit types are canceled, deposits in Russian rubles are suspended, validity of deposit of 100% (or equivalent in other currencies) and above 0.5% to the interest rate fixed for each depositary deposit is voided.
According to the decision of the Management Board, from June 08, 2015, the Bank will be liquidated with "Multivalyuta", "Yığım", "Uşaq", "Pensiya yığım" deposit types and "Əmanət kartı" product, deposits in EUR and GBP currencies are suspended.
According to the decision of the Management Board, the Bank canceled 3,6,9 monthly deposits in USD from August 25, 2015; 18, 24, 36, 48, 60, 84,120 monthly deposits in USD from January 6, 2017.
In accordance with the decision of the Management Board, from October 1, 2015, the Bank will be liquidating 3.6.9 months in national currency and 18, 48, 60, 84, and 120-month deposits starting from February 20, 2017.
According to paragraphs 102.1.22-3 and 102.1.22-4 of the Tax Code, starting from January 1, 2024, the following incomes of natural persons on new deposits in national currency only are exempted from income tax:
The part of monthly interest income calculated on deposits up to 200 manats;
If the deposit is placed for a period of 18 months or more and the amount of the deposit is paid no earlier than 18 months, the full part of the calculated interest income - for a period of 3 years.
Plans for the Future
Get the financial support that fits your future plans and needs.
Achieving financial stability in the future is a key goal for everyone. To reach it, it is important to develop a habit of saving and direct your extra funds in the right direction. Successful saving is not just about setting money aside regularly; it’s also about financial discipline and achieving big results through small steps.
ABB’s savings products can be your best companions on this journey. For example, the Dama-dama savings account allows you to automatically transfer small leftover amounts from daily purchases to your savings, turning saving into a habit and helping you accumulate a significant amount over time from regular small contributions.
Another option is the DigiHesab Max account, which helps you preserve and increase unused funds in your main balance. Your money stays accessible at any time, while you also get a chance to earn extra income.
For those with long-term saving goals, the DigiDepozit product is an ideal solution. With different terms and conditions available, this account helps you steadily accumulate funds for your financial plans.
All of these products can be easily opened and managed through the ABB mobile app. Start building your saving habit today, manage your finances more efficiently, and plan your future with confidence. Every small step you take can lead to big results tomorrow.
Insure every moment of your life with ABB mobile!
Choose the insurance product that suits you and secure your future
Your insurance in one application!
Travel insurance that makes you feel safe anywhere in the world
Transport
Vehicle insurance that protects against possible risks
Property
Voluntary property insurance of individuals
Health
Medical insurance that covers your costs and takes care of you
Get insured on time and be prepared for unexpected events!
You can easily access mandatory and voluntary insurance types on ABB mobile.
Insure your trip with ABB mobile!
Choose the right travel insurance package for you. Insurance premium varies according to the scope of the service
All insurance types in one place!
Easily track your insurance contracts.
Speed up the process by creating a template with travel insurance.
Secure your future with our reliable insurance solutions
Our purpose is to be a reliable partner in the modern financial world
To provide innovative and reliable financial services that support sustainable development as the leading bank in Azerbaijan.
The International Bank of Azerbaijan Open Joint Stock Company (ABB) began operating as a fully joint-stock commercial bank on January 10, 1992. The Bank’s Head Office is located in Baku. Today, ABB is one of the leading banks in the South Caucasus region in terms of assets, customer base, and international operations portfolio.
With 78 branches and 9 offices covering various regions of Azerbaijan, the Bank provides universal banking services to both individual and corporate clients. The number of corporate clients served by the Bank exceeds 43,000, while the number of individual clients surpasses 3 million. More than 4,000 employees work at the Bank.
According to the Decree of the President of the Republic of Azerbaijan No. 1174 dated November 5, 2020 “On ensuring the activities of the Azerbaijan Investment Holding”, the Bank ABB Open Joint-Stock Company was transferred to the management of the Azerbaijan Investment Holding.
Mission and Vision
ABB’s mission and vision are to create value for our customers and society through innovation and sustainable development principles.
To make financial services accessible and affordable for everyone:
To bring the most advanced practices and innovations;
To strengthen our community by supporting business and human capital;
To contribute to the development of Azerbaijan’s economy and its integration into the world;
Our mission is to meet the financial needs of our customers as a modern universal financial group.
By providing our customers with superior quality service:
By being the most desirable employer for talented and professional leaders;
By delivering the highest profits to our shareholders;
By applying the highest corporate governance standards;
By creating the strongest partnership for the digital future;
Our goal is to be the leading universal financial group in the South Caucasus.
Strategic Development Plan
You can learn about Bank ABB’s strategic development plan up to 2028 here:
The Foundation of Our Success: Our Values
ABB’s values are the guiding principles that help us achieve greater success in our work, deliver the best services to our customers, and make a positive impact on society.
Courageous Integrity
We know what we will never do
Customer Commitment
We are fans of our customers
Curious Leaders
We are greater than the sum of us
Execution Excellence
We first do, then talk
Entrepreneurial Spirit
We do things in a way untested before
Effective Frugality
We do more for less
Responsible Citizenship
We make our world a better place for all
Financial and corporate reports
Access our latest financial statements, annual reports and corporate disclosures. We are committed to transparency and provide stakeholders with key insights into our performance and growth.
Flight tickets with FlyDesk on ABB Business!
Plan your trips in one place with the new platform
New Mastercard Corporate T&E card!
Easily manage your business and travel expenses
Get execution and advance guarantees up to 500 000 AZN, and customs guarantees up to 200 000 AZN
Bank transactions within your internal system!
Streamline your operations with a Business API service package tailored to your needs.
Boost your business projects with short-term and long-term corporate loans
Speed up your transfer operations
Order cost-effective salary cards for your employees
Business account
Open your account online via Internet Bank
Meet your daily banking needs from a single platform
Trade Platform
The 2nd Women Leaders Summit was held at the “Gulustan” Palace with the support of Bank ABB and organized by Facemark. The event brought together women leaders representing various sectors from Azerbaijan and abroad.
Aynur Suleymanli, CEO of Bank ABB, addressed the participants and spoke about the projects implemented by the Bank to create an environment of equal opportunities for women. She also highlighted the achievements made by the Bank in recent years in supporting the development of women leaders.
Nargiz Aslanova, Director of the Operations Department at Bank ABB, shared her personal development experience with participants during a panel discussion.Discussions during the summit were held across three main panels dedicated to the themes “The Road to the Summit,” “Barriers and Challenges at the Summit,” and “Sustainability and Resilience at the Summit.”
During the event, winners of a competition organized as part of the summit were also presented with gifts from Bank ABB.
The 2nd Women Leaders Summit became an important platform contributing to the strengthening of women’s leadership in the country and to the development of future generations of leaders.
Detailed information about the modern, useful, and universal products and services of Bank ABB can be obtained at the Bank’s branches and offices, on theofficial website, through the Information Center at 937, or via the Bank’s official social media pages.